update params wix-inbox (#2501)
wix-incubator/wix-code-docs: guides/release-notes.md

![Was this helpful, yes/no buttons](../media/feedback.png)

---
### Updated API: Wix Inbox v2

`wix-inbox.v2`

> We've updated several [developer preview](https://www.wix.com/velo/reference/api-overview/developer-preview) functions in the [`wix-inbox.v2`](https://www.wix.com/velo/reference/wix-inbox-v2) module. Make the following changes to these function parameters to correct any breaking changes. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We've updated several functions in the [`wix-inbox.v2`](https://www.wix.com/velo/reference/wix-inbox-v2) module, which is currently released as a developer preview. Note that the changes break existing code that uses the following functions, which requires updates to your code:
```

- [`Conversations`](https://www.wix.com/velo/reference/wix-inbox-v2/conversations):

>   - [`getOrCreateConversation()`](/wix-inbox-v2/conversations/getorcreateconversation): `participantId` has been removed from the `options` parameter, and is now the first required parameter.

Reviewer: throughout: absolute link
